Now to wrap up this part here about the vue-cli and this template we're using here throughout the
rest of the course,
you also got another script besides npm run dev which we use before and that is npm run build.
Now this will build it for production which means it will now actually create the dist folder as you
can see which holds your bundle and it will also have some optimizations in place there,
so minify it as you can see, it's minified now and so on.
So this is how you want to run this command
if you actually want to deploy your application. Also feel free to play around with the other templates
but that was the basic introduction to it,
This will be the template we'll use throughout the rest of the course
and with that, see you in the section about components.